The Rule of use AGENT

THE PROJECT MUST CONTROL BY HUMAN

Forward:
This project is the human's project, No AI's project. The human must control the program.
I not allow any vibe coding. Any code must be control by human.
                                                                    -- Riceliker 2026/07/11

>>> Part 1 Reason

0. The Control of the Project
The code made by AI is not trust without human check. If all project write by AI, human will never
known how does it do? It's make a problem that we lost the control of project. Any If we face some bugs. 
Nobody know why and we just use AI to help. In the end, the project became much as much terrible.

If human not control the project, when the tool was monopoly. We will not any measures.
And most AI tool is paid. That's mean the project was rely on AI company.

I don't think AI is the not a good thing. We have PWTorch, a machine learning library.
But we should a controllable tool. DO NOT RELY ON AI COMPANY.
1. We should use free AI software. Not control by any company.
2. Any AI learning data must get from allow license. If your project is not free software.
You shouldn't use free software code to study your agent. 

1. Vibe Coding Is the Manipulate from behind the Scene 
Use natural language to control the code is a *stupid* idea. It is mean you will never know how does it work.
So you have no idea to know the principle of the project. You just look at a black box.
With the project developing, you will lost any detail about project.
That's mean this project was controlled by AI. It is not YOUR project.

I hate the Manipulate from behind the Scene. It is mean you lost the control.

2. The *stupid* vibe coding developer submit *fucking* code 
Some *stupid* vibe coding developer submit *fucking* code without any check. 
The code just can run, but detail? The just think Oh! It was run, I can submit it.
And then the generic code is a *shit mountain* code.

The vibe coding make the pupil can coding. But that make some *stupid* developer think
I'm a programmer, I can write program. But they don't know how to permanently maintain project.
Refactor of code. Optimization the code.

>>> Part 2 Rule

0. NO VIBE CODING

Any vibe coding tool, such as claude, codex. *Fuck* away my project.
Use nature language just only write a Toy. Not a project.
If I find you use vibe coding, you will be PERMANENTLY banned.

1. USE AI AS COUNSELOR

Use AI as a counselor. It's mean you should not direct generic code. I suggest that steps:
1. Tell AI My idea have any problem
2. Write the partial code, which if you don't know. And then try to write by yourself
3. Make AI to check your code is right.

Although that code will allow generic code by AI:
The simple function under 30 lines. 
The repeat code and can not create by macro

2. CHECK THE AI CODE
Any code written by AI, you should check the code logical.
I suggest you to write you think about the function, struct and module.

>>> Part 3 Annotation

"AI" in this case means a Large Language Model ("LLM"), such as ChatGPT,
Claude, Copilot, Grok, etc.

"vibe coding" is this case means writing code without any program language.
Just only nature language.

We have found that AI will frequently hallucinate issues that are not actually
problems in practice, report incorrect information, and describe problems that
are actually not issues at all. If AI identifies a problem with this codebase,
please make sure you understand what it is saying and have independently
confirmed that the issue exists before submitting a bug report or pull request.

Any pull request to this project will ask you to confirm that you are the
author and that you are contributing your changes under the LGPL3.0/GPL3.0 license.
